README.md, before:

lxc-pywizard
============

python wrapper script to launch lxc container

Information
============
	- This is a Work in progress so i take no responsibility if your system(s) break
	- At the moment you can create a cache and update it
	- you can launch debian Squeeze and Wheezy containers and they work ;)
	- You can select the arch you want example 32-bit or 64-bit
	- It creates containers using lvm to isolate your containers on their own partitions
	- added option so container has his hostname defined based on fqdn on creation
	- you can easily add packages you want to your initial cache in the script
	- it creates a custom inittab file
	- it creates a config file for your lxc container
	- Added option to define filesystem of choice example ext3/ext4/xfs etc..
	- Added some basic error checking to lxc-pywizard as promised.
	- cache directory layout more versatile to arch changes and distro releases can now define based on release and arch example squeeze/wheezy/amd64/i386
	- Version information has been added.
	- Better Help messages added.
	- Some sane defaults have been added to ram and fs options which now default to  ram=512M and fs=2G
	- eliminated unnecessary hardcoded paths in script
	- made lvm optional --lvm=yes Default or --lvm=no option was there but not usable
	- Added error check if the cache directory is missing or not created when using the -c option

Future Additions (wish list)
============================
	- possibility to add profiles which can create finalized containers example web server etc...
	- make example usages in Readme more clear especially related to the features present and fix formating of readme
	- possibility to use ssh key to connect to container
	- add some serious error checking to lxc-pywizard
	- add option to configure static ip from command line on creation
	- possibility to make the scrip work with febootstrap, which would in theory add fedora and centos/rhel support to the script

Example Usage
=============
create a cache for containers to use.
-
	lxc-pywizard --create | -cr

Update the cache
-
	lxc-pywizard -u or --update

launch a container by defining some basics
-
	lxc-pywizard --container | -cont --fqdn=test4.sklav --ram=512 --size=4G --fs=ext3

Create a container using defaults and no lvm partition
-
	lxc-pywizard --container | -cont --fqdn=test4.sklav --lvm=no

Display version information
-
	lxc-pywizard --version | -v | -V

Commit message:

Updated with information related to the new password feature for the cache.

README.md, after:

lxc-pywizard
============

python wrapper script to launch lxc container

Information
============
	- This is a Work in progress so i take no responsibility if your system(s) break
	- At the moment you can create a cache and update it
	- you can launch debian Squeeze and Wheezy containers and they work ;)
	- You can select the arch you want example 32-bit or 64-bit
	- It creates containers using lvm to isolate your containers on their own partitions
	- added option so container has his hostname defined based on fqdn on creation
	- you can easily add packages you want to your initial cache in the script
	- it creates a custom inittab file
	- it creates a config file for your lxc container
	- Added option to define filesystem of choice example ext3/ext4/xfs etc..
	- Added some basic error checking to lxc-pywizard as promised.
	- cache directory layout more versatile to arch changes and distro releases can now define based on release and arch example squeeze/wheezy/amd64/i386
	- Version information has been added.
	- Better Help messages added.
	- Some sane defaults have been added to ram and fs options which now default to  ram=512M and fs=2G
	- eliminated unnecessary hardcoded paths in script
	- made lvm optional --lvm=yes Default or --lvm=no option was there but not usable
	- Added error check if the cache directory is missing or not created when using the -c option
	- Added new option to create a password when generating the cache. new options -pass --password can be used in conjuction with the --create option default password is root

Future Additions (wish list)
============================
	- possibility to add profiles which can create finalized containers example web server etc...
	- make example usages in Readme more clear especially related to the features present and fix formating of readme
	- possibility to use ssh key to connect to container
	- add some serious error checking to lxc-pywizard
	- add option to configure static ip from command line on creation
	- possibility to make the scrip work with febootstrap, which would in theory add fedora and centos/rhel support to the script

Example Usage
=============
create a cache for containers to use also can define password.
-
	lxc-pywizard --create | -cr | -pass | --password

Update the cache
-
	lxc-pywizard -u or --update

launch a container by defining some basics
-
	lxc-pywizard --container | -cont --fqdn=test4.sklav --ram=512 --size=4G --fs=ext3

Create a container using defaults and no lvm partition
-
	lxc-pywizard --container | -cont --fqdn=test4.sklav --lvm=no

Display version information
-
	lxc-pywizard --version | -v | -V
